Today we're going to be looking at Super
Claude and how to give Claude code
superpowers. So this is one free
install. The gives Claude code 30
commands, 16 AI agents, and seven
thinking modes. Welcome to the most
starred Claude code framework on the
planet. Let me break down exactly what
it is, how it works, and how to set up
in under two minutes. So this is the
Super Claude framework. It's completely
free on GitHub. Once you've set this up,
you get access to all these commands,
agents, and modes inside Claude Code.
So, we're going to set this up today and
I'll show you exactly how to set up.
It's pretty easy and simple. And then
we'll test out and see how it performs,
too. Let's get this party started. All
right. So, I'm going to take this URL
like so. Then, we're going to go over to
the terminal. Type in Claude as always.
And then from here, we're going to paste
in the GitHub URL and we're just going
to say install this, mate. Install this
one. So, from here, we'll get started on
that. And in the meantime, whilst that's
installing, I'll walk you through
exactly what it means, how it works,
etc. and we can run through it together,
ride around the track together. So, what
you can see here is, you know, if if
you're not familiar with claw code, by
the way, and we can start from zero, and
I'll make this really quick. There's a
company called Anthropic. They built an
AI called Claude. Claude can write code,
answer questions, and build entire apps.
Now, Claw Code is a special version of
Claude that lives inside your computer's
terminal. Looks like this. And the
terminal is that black screen where
developers type commands. You type what
you want in plain English. Claw Code
builds it for you. And you want to think
of claw code as a genius intern sitting
inside your computer ready to code
anything you ask for. Here's the catch.
Claw code is powerful, but it has no
structure. Um, no shortcuts, no
specialized experts, no memory unless
you add them in later, which is what
we're doing. It's a raw brain with no
playbook. And that's exactly what Super
Claude fixes. Now, if you're wondering
what Super Claude is, let me talk you
through that. So, Superlad is a free
open source framework that sits on top
of C code. It gives claw code
30/comands, so instant shortcuts, 16 AI
agents, so specialist um experts, seven
behavioral modes, so different thinking
styles, and eight MCP server
integrations. These are plugin
superpowers. And Supercore basically
transforms C code into a structured
development platform through behavioral
instructions and component
orchestration. Basically, it makes it a
lot better. Cool code is the engine,
superclud steering wheel, GPS, and turbo
boost. and it's built by over 52
contributors around the world. Has
21,000 stars and it's on version 4.2
right now and it's 100% free on the MIT
license. Now, if you're wondering how to
install it, like I said before, you can
just open up your terminal. You can use
a command like this if you just want to
get it installed. Otherwise, you can go
inside claw code and just get it set up
as you can see right here. And then
we'll run through how to set up in a
second. Let's see what we got in the
questions here whilst we're waiting. So,
DOA, it says, I stopped using OpenClaw.
I stick with the max plan claw code and
find life so much better. I would agree
with you there. Like I don't use open
claw um that much compared to claw code.
Claw code is more reliable. It's more
stable. It doesn't break as much. I love
what uh it's doing. I love the power of
something like open claw. But it does
break a lot. Let's be 100% honest with
you. So I'm I'm with you there. Actually
did a breakdown today inside the AR
profit boardroom explaining why I'm
using uh claw code a lot more. And you
can see this is installed now. So we
just need to restart Claude code to
start using them. And then you can see
the examples right here. All right. It
says no if you want to use. Yeah. So you
can just get started with this. All
right. So if we restart claw code, we're
just going to shut down the terminal
here. Get clawed open again. And then if
you're wondering, okay, like what sort
of agents you get here? So for example,
you get like a testing agent, um a PM
agent. So it's like a project management
agent that can track tasks, manage
priorities, and document stuff. You got
a front- end architect, design, security
engineer, and a deep research agent as
well. So these are some of the others,
but you also get 11 more specialized
agents on top of it. Now also what you
can see here is you get different
behavioral modes, right? So different
tasks need different thinking. So let me
give an example, right? Brainstorming
for example, ask the right questions
before jumping to answers. So let's try
and switch on brainstorming mode here.
So let's try this. We'll try and switch
on brainstorming mode using super clude.
See how it performs. So you can see here
that it's actually loaded that skill we
were talking about earlier. So you can
switch on brainstorm mode pretty easily
using this. And then you can see here
it's like who's your target audience,
what's your content style, what's your
angle, uh what time frame you targeting,
any constraints or preferences, right?
So it's pretty easy to start using this.
And you see how it just thinks a lot
more before it's jumps into something
else. Now we could switch it over,
right? And we can say, okay, use a
front-end developer to start building
out a new website for us. So let's try
that. We're going to take this
information from the AI profit
boardroom. You can see um we'll plug
that into the terminal here and we'll
say okay create a new front end
for this website the AI profit boardroom
my AI profit boardroom
community and then we need to switch the
thinking mode here cuz we're using super
claude right so we need to switch to I
would say
let's see here we got orchestration mode
which yeah I think orchestration mode or
switch to switch to normal mode plus use
the front end agent to do it and
basically what we're doing here is
switching the type of mode that we're in
plus switching to using the front end
agent to complete the task right this is
using superclaw again so you get seven
different behavioral modes brainstorming
business panel deep research
orchestration token efficiency task
management this is a really interesting
one as well introspection so claude anal
analyzes its own thinking to catch
mistakes. And you got a bunch of agents
you can use over here. So you can just
call them um and and ask them to switch
over. And then also deep research as
well is a pretty cool one. So there's
something called um deep research which
is autonomous, right? That means you
give it a topic and walk away. It does
everything on its own. So it searches up
to 40 sources automatically. Performs up
to five um different trails of
reasoning. Scores every source on a
credibility scale from 0 to one. tracks
coverage completeness so you know if
anything's missing and then learns from
itself and gets better over time. So you
can see here it's now using the
front-end developer agent to build out
this project. And you can see it's just
been beginning to code that out directly
here. And there's also four depth levels
here as well. So you've got um quick,
standard, everyday research, deep and
exhaustive, right? So exhaustive is like
over 40 minutes of um academic level
deep research. Pretty insane. And then
you can just use that example to to
start going with this. There's also a
bunch of um MCP servers that you can
add. So for example like Tavi context 7
um Serena Playright Magic which
autogenerates UI components morphm so
it's context aware and chrome dev tools
for performance analysis and debugging.
So if we have a look inside club code
you can see that's beginning to work out
right now. Um it was pretty simple and
easy to set up. Um the main thing to
note here is like before super clawed or
without super clawed claw code works but
it's generic no structure no shortcuts
no experts no memory um and you write
long prompts every single time with
super claw two to three times faster
execution 30 to 50% fewer tokens used 16
expert agents working together
automatically 30/comands web search
browser control and memory docs all
built in and the best practices baked
into every single um action. So just to
recap, claw code is an AI coding agent
in terminal. Super cloud is free
framework that makes it two to three
times more powerful. 30/ commands helps
save time. 16 AI agents specialize to
activate automatically. Seven behavioral
modes, eight MCP servers, deep research.
You can install it in 2 minutes like
you've seen today. It is free to set up
and uh they've already got 21,000 stars
on GitHub. So pretty awesome project
right there. And you can see it's
beginning to build out this project as
you can see. So that's basically it. If
you want to get all the video notes from
today, you can get that inside the AR
profit boardroom. As we've talked about,
this is super cla pretty cool and
powerful framework that you can quickly
install into claw code and just make it
10 times better. Inside the AR profit
boardroom community, you'll learn how to
save time, grow, and scale with AI
automation. This is my community with
2,600 members, which means you can
connect with some awesome people to um
learn, to grow, to to make new friends,
to meet people doing similar things to
you. You can post questions, you can get
help and support in real time. We
actually have four weekly video coaching
calls as well. So you can jump on these
coaching calls and ask questions and
share your screen and meet the
community. You can also meet people in
your local area by zooming into your
location and then asking questions
inside the classroom too. You can see
here for example that we have all of our
best training. So you can go from
beginner to expert with AI automation
and learn how to build your first AI
agent in under 5 minutes. Additionally,
you'll get my best playbooks on how to
automate X newsletters, shorts,
Instagram, AI avatar videos, and
additionally, you'll get my latest SOP
updates. Right? So, we update this
community every single day. We add new
updates. Um, we create video tutorials
on how they work and step-by-step guides
on everything. And basically, um, what
I'm doing is basically collecting all of
the AI automations in the world and then
saying, "Right, which are the most
useful for you as an entrepreneur?"
Right? Which ones can you start using
right now? You can also, for example,
watch about the coaching calls if you
don't make them live over here. You can
learn how to rank number one with AI
SEO. You can learn how to get more
clients for your agency or if you're a
freelancer over here. And then also you
can learn how to grow a YouTube channel
with AI based on what's working for me
directly inside there as well. So this
is all inside the AI profit boardroom
link in the comments description or just
go to the profitboard.com and you can
see that we actually have over
135 pages of testimonials. These are all
wins from people inside our school
communities like you can see. So people
are just getting awesome results and and
that's what we're about, right? We're
about helping people, helping people
grow um and learn about AI automation.
So feel free to get there. Hope see
inside there.